# Sms-Backup-Andriod-app-
While getting lot of SMS or Messages from the Family and Friends through Company or Sms Networking Sites. The main Problem is that some of our important or unread messages are getting deleted by knowing or unknowingly. To overcome such problem we want to develop a mobile application through which the user can backup the Message. The proposed application is to develop a system that offers news services through Mobile application. Once the application is downloaded and installed by the user, he/she should register to it and he can access the service by providing the unique username and password. User need to provide their username and password so that the SMS is Stored directly to your Database and Retrieve. The user gets a pop-up message while receiving message. These pop-up messages will inform the user about the existence of this application in the mobile device. This application provides more comfort for the users in receiving messages and to avoid internet need.  This SMS BACKUP system is a type of application because here the process of receiving and storing takes place where service provider will provide the list of Messages that are available in the area selected by the user so that he/she can select the Message provided by that Application. Here in this application the user is provided with a wide range of messages to store with respective to the mobile number and their time. The android application on user’s mobile will have all details. The stored details from customer’s mobile are  updated in central database and subsequently sent to Mobile Database. In this paper we present an automated sms backup system with real time customer feedback. This system is convenient, effective, easy and by implementing this project in the present system, the user can overcome the problems faced regarding their storage of SMS  needs in an efficient manner.
